Bear, are you sick, or what?
Then I'll be your doctor!
It's a good thing I came! I know how to treat
a patient!
Well, my dear, let's give you
a checkup!
OK, OK, OK.
Doesn't look so good.
So that's the problem.
Yes, it is a complicated case.
The only thing that will help you is...
Some bed rest!
Lay down, my dear, and rest!
Let's have some tea with raspberries!
Medicine has to be tasty and sweet.
And you… don't get out of bed!
Did you get out of bed?
And still you’re sick?
Well, all right. Let's check you out.
OK. It seems OK...
It's all right here too.
Well, you are seriously sick!
You urgently need a very restful bed rest!
You were sick yesterday. You are sick today.
Are you not tired of it?
OK, OK. You talked me into it. I'll check
you out.
You get the most restful of all the bed rests!
I'll go get the medicine and be right back!
Hurry! It's an emergency!
Wow! Wow! Wow! Wow!
And one! And two! And one! And three!
And two! And three! And one!
Faster! Faster!
Go faster! Go faster!
Stop now!
I do know how to treat a patient!